Home
The Girls & Boys Club is a safe place to learn and grow -- all while having fun. It is the place where great futures are started each and every day. 

The Girls & Boys Club believes every child has the potential to BE GREAT. In support of this strong conviction, we strive to build caring, responsible citizens. We are a community of staff, volunteers, parents, youth and supporters working to create a positive place, full of hope and opportunity, for every local child.

In every community, girls and boys are left to find their own recreation and companionship in the streets. An increasing number of children are at home with no adult care or supervision. Young people need to know that someone cares about them.
 
The Girls & Boys Club offers that and more. Club programs and services promote and enhance the development of girls and boys by instilling a sense of competence, usefulness, belonging and influence.
 
Success is deeply ingrained in the history of the Girls & Boys Club. Based on independent findings from outcomes studies we continue to make a positive difference.

At Girls & Boys Club we're All About The Kids! Our mission is to promote healthy learning and development and to provide an environment that encourages our local children to become strong leaders in our community. We provide children a safe and exciting atmosphere that is both engaging and fun!

All of our local children have the potential to become successful and productive members of our community and we're here to encourage their growth and education.





Personal Development program

At the Girls & Boys Club, we try to offer programs to fill the gaps that are not being addressed in many inner-city public schools. We offer volunteer-led classes in a number of fields, including:

Smart Girls - A health, fitness, prevention/education and self-esteem enhancement program for girls ages 8 to 17.

Triple Play - Emphasizes good nutrition, regular physical activity, and improving overall well-being.

Goals For Graduation - Designed to enhance Club members’ engagement with learning by providing consistent support from caring and trusted adults in developing the academic, emotional and social skills needed to achieve academic success.

Money Matters - Promotes financial responsibility and independence among Club members. Participants learn how to manage a checking account, create a budget, save and invest, and pay for college.

Image Makers - Encourages Club members to learn about black-and-white, color, digital and alternative process photography. The ImageMakers National Photography Program Resource Guide is full of fun, creative activity ideas

Fine Arts Exhibit - Encourages artistic expression among Club members through drawing, painting, printmaking, collage, mixed media and sculpture displayed at local and regional exhibits. 

Drama Matters - A drama education program that encourages Club members ages 6 to 18 to engage in hands-on activities. Drama education builds self-confidence, sparks creativity and boosts academic achievement.

Keystone Club - A unique teen leadership development experience provides opportunities for young people aged 14-18.

Family Plus - Enables Clubs to partner with families and collaborate with other community agencies to ensure the positive development of youth through programming, resources and support.
There is no cost to attend, and all necessary materials will be provided.





Summer Tutoring program
Many students have a difficult time retaining their studies through several months of summer break. The Girls & Boys Club offers tutoring in a number of subjects, including basic math, algebra, reading comprehension, and writing skills. Tutoring groups meet for one hour, in groups of no more than five Club members.

All tutors are volunteers who have been certified by the State Board of Education. There is no cost for small-group tutoring services, although spaces are limited. Private tutoring is also available at a minimal cost (or in exchange for volunteer work at the Club facility).






Overnight Adventures program
Many children never have the chance to go more than 25 miles from their homes. The Overnight Adventures program is designed to help Club members (age 14-18) stretch their wings and explore the greater community. 

Different trips will allow Club members to explore museums, splash in the surf at the beach, hike National Forest trails, and even tour movie studio back lots. Each trip leaves Friday afternoon and returns Sunday evening. 

Overnight Adventure trips do require a nominal fee to help defray the cost of lodging; however, no teen will be turned away for an inability to pay. Club members may exchange 10 hours of work in the Club facility (reception desk duties, cleaning, etc.) to earn credits to defray the costs. Club members who participate in the VolunTeen Enrichment program will also earn credits to help defray associated costs.






VolunTeen Enrichment program
Teens (age 14-18) are encouraged to participate in the VolunTeen program, to experience the satisfaction and personal sense of accomplishment that can be gained from giving back to the community. All volunteer opportunities are supervised by qualified adults

VolunTeen opportunities are currently available working with younger children at the Club; at the local Veterans’ Home; in the local public hospital; at the City Library; and at the County Animal Shelter. Any training required to perform tasks associated with volunteer positions will be provided.

VolunTeens may also qualify for high-school credits if the home school participates in the program.






Career Mentoring program
The Career Mentoring program is a career exploration and mentoring program for teens (age 14-18). We partner Club members with volunteers in various careers, so that the members can experience the professional workplace and explore the possibilities that await after graduating high school.

We currently have mentoring opportunities in retail management, advertising, engineering, social work, nursing, and criminal justice. And if any Club members express interest in a specific career, we will work hard to find a local mentor in that field.



