Solar Power Can Save You Money
In the next 10 years, the average California homeowner will spend over $14,000 on electricity. Electricity prices in California have increased 50% since 1990, and continue to increase approximately 3-4% each year. If your average electric bill is $150 or more per month, solar power in California can save you over $1,250 each year. 

California Solar Rebates and Tax Incentives
A large number of California solar rebate programs and California financial options exist to make it easier to afford solar power for your home. Wherever you live in the state of California, there is a rebate and/or incentive that will help make California solar power a reality for you. The solar installer you select will be up to date on all of the applicable solar incentives, based on where you live, to save you as much money as possible.

Home Solar Benefits
There are a number of benefits of home solar power: 
1. Solar systems can lower your electric bills by 70% or more. Homeowners may no longer have to pay thousands of dollars each year to their utility companies. 
2. Current government rebates and incentives might save you nearly 50% off the price of solar roofs and shingles. 
3. Installing a solar panel system can increase the value of your home by $20,000 to $40,000. 
4. Many California solar companies are offering great financing programs so you can get solar for as little as $0 down. 

Certified California Solar Contractors
Installing solar panels on your home is a substantial investment: make a payment now and get a big return in the future. To ensure a positive return on your solar investment, and that your solar system operates effectively at all times, you need to hire the right solar installer who can guide you through solar installation process -- from financing and finding the right rebates and incentives to installation and maintenance -- and avoid typical mistakes when going solar. Go Green California can help you feel comfortable that you are getting quotes from the best California solar energy installers in the state.

Go Green California is a no-cost, no-obligation, risk-free service dedicated to providing information to anyone interested in lowering their electricity bill and going green.
